* **Team Info:** Group 18 / Frontend Flamingos
* **Meeting Title:** Brainstorming Part 6
* **Present Members:**
  - Kunal Singla
  - Amal Kaduwela
  - Yue Zhuo
  - Avinash Nayak
  - Matthew Jiang
  - Anokhi Mehta
  - Angel Martinez
  - Sergio Talavera
* **Absent Members:**
  - Anudeep Alam
* **Meeting location:** Zoom
* **Meeting Subject:** Starting Pitch ideas
* **Meeting Plan:**
  - Continue UI design
  - Event Diagrams
  - Pitch 1
* **Undiscussed Plans: (from last time)** 
  - N/A
* **Meeting Decisions/Results:** Any decisions made & their reasoning (if there were dissenting opinions include them, then write why the group decided to make that decision anyways)
  - Worked on starting pitch
  - Looked at other designs for the interface
* **Time:** Saturday 12:00 - 1:00 PM (PST)