* **Team Info:** Group 18 / Frontend Flamingos
* **Meeting Title:** Brainstorming Part 8
* **Present Members:**
  - Kunal Singla
  - Amal Kaduwela
  - Yue Zhuo
  - Avinash Nayak
  - Matthew Jiang
  - Anokhi Mehta
  - Angel Martinez
  - Sergio Talavera
  - Anudeep Alam
* **Absent Members:**
  - None
* **Meeting location:** Zoom
* **Meeting Subject:** Fixing Starting Pitch
* **Meeting Plan:**
  - Design Index + Future Log pages
  - Exploritory Coding Intro + Github Issues
  - Discuss How we will do pages
* **Undiscussed Plans: (from last time)** 
  - How we will store information
* **Meeting Decisions/Results:** Any decisions made & their reasoning (if there were dissenting opinions include them, then write why the group decided to make that decision anyways)
  - Decided on implementing a simple design for index page, and upgrade it later with available time
  - Decided to standardize naming of logs to make it easier to search and find
  - Decided on Future Log Page
  - Start on Exploratory Coding to see what's possible
* **Time:** Thursday 2:30 - 3:45 PM (PST)