* **Team Info:** Group 18 / Frontend Flamingos
* **Meeting Title:** Progress Reports
* **Present Members:**
  - Amal Kaduwela
  - Yue Zhuo
  - Anokhi Mehta
  - Sergio Talavera
  - Kunal Singla
  - Anudeep Alam
  - Avinash Nayak
  - Angel Martinez
* **Absent Members:**
  - Matthew Jiang - Arrived late due to meeting conflict
* **Meeting location:** Zoom
* **Meeting Subject:** Progress Updates
* **Meeting Plan:**
  - General updates between team members
  - Break into two groups. Group 1 work on creating issue templates, Group 2 work on populating grid system.
* **Undiscussed Plans: (from last time)**
* **Meeting Decisions/Results:** Any decisions made & their reasoning (if there were dissenting opinions include them, then write why the group decided to make that decision anyways)
  - Fixed Height issue
  - Decided to refactor datepicker element
* **Time:** Thursday 3:00 - 4:40 PM (PST)